s from reporting inside Israel so ham
seeing live pictures there of huge
crowds on the streets pray to us
everywhere remind us why we're seeing
this on just such a
scale well this is in fact the largest
protest in a single place in Israel's
history organizers say
500,000 people are in the streets of Tel
Aviv and
250,000 others are spread across the
country including West Jerusalem Kaa and
Rishon leion which is near Tel Aviv but
let's get to the reason why these
demonstrations are happening in the
first place this is nearly a week of
consecutive protests after the Israeli
Army announced that they had recovered
the bodies of six Israeli captives from
a tunnel in southern Gaza a week ago and
that didn't bode well with the Israeli
public because according to Israeli
military intelligence those captives
were alive just a few days before their
bodies were recovered and according to
leaks within Israeli media and on the
record statements from Hamas officials
some of those captives were actually
going to be released in the first phase
of a ceasefire deal that never happened
so now families of captives are saying
that this is netanyahu's fault that he
has blood on his hands and he's the main
impediment for why there hasn't been a
ceasefire deal just yet this
demonstration in fact is the largest in
Israel's history in one single place and
it just goes to show you the level of
frustration that the family members of
captives the Israeli public and the
movement of the demonstrations is facing
11 months into the war so widespread
protest at how Benjamin Netanyahu has
handled this War uh are these protests
are these huge crowds on the streets
likely to force net netanyahu's hand at
[Music]
all well look it's certainly an
interesting question because Netanyahu
has seemingly been unfaith in whatever
pressure comes his way whether that has
been domestic or International he said
that he's still going to prosecute the
war however he sees fit and he said that
he has red lines when it comes to a
ceasefire deal and prisoner exchange
that would see the release of the
remaining captives but he says he has
incredibly tough red lines but he blames
Hamas for adding new conditions when in
fact leaks in Israeli media from
Anonymous officials say that Netanyahu
is the one with the increasingly tough
stance that he is the one that is
continuously adding conditions and the
Americans are saying that if they want
if both sides want a deal there's going
to have to be major concessions
concessions that Netanyahu says he is
not willing to compromise on you also
have to remember that he is in the most
right-wing government in Israel's
history a coalition of members of the
far right who are known Ultra
nationalists who say that Netanyahu is
in fact not being Tough Enough when it
comes to the war on Gaza saying that
they would Bolt the government if there
was a deal that they considered
unfavorable to Israel so there are a lot
of moving Parts here but nonetheless
these large Crowds Are surely to make
some sort of Mark in Israel's history
but it's not really known exactly how
it's going to make an impact on Israel's
government all right hamda thanks for
that ham salute reporting there thank
you make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler